Verify the presence of the robot suite name (#97)
melexis/warnings-plugin: README.rst

argument, an xUnit compatible result file is generated. The warnings-plugin can
parse this file and check the amount of failures. By default, the test results
of all test suites in the file are taken into account. If you only care about
one specific test suite, you can use ``--name <<suite name>>``. If this suite

> name doesn't exist in the input file, an error is raised. The warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name doesn't exist in the input file, an error can be raised. The warning
```

Author: I assume this change has become undesired

Reviewer: it indeed has.
